# Municipal Code § 950-405 — Stopping, standing and parking restrictions and prohibitions on certain
Source: City of Toronto Municipal Code, Ch. 950 (Traffic and Parking), § 950-405. https://www.toronto.ca/legdocs/municode/1184_950.pdf

highways.
A. No parking certain times.
Except where Chapter 903, Parking for Persons with Disabilities, applies with respect to
exempting vehicles displaying an accessible parking permit, where official signs to that
effect are displayed, no person shall park a vehicle on any highway at the side and
between the limits set out in Schedule XIII in § 950-1312 during the times and/or days set
out in Schedule XIII.
A.1. Reserved19
B. No parking a bus certain times.
Except where Chapter 903, Parking for Persons with Disabilities, applies with respect to
exempting vehicles displaying an accessible parking permit, where official signs
prohibiting parking are displayed, no person shall park a bus on any highway at the side
and between the limits set out in Schedule XIII in § 950-1312 during the prohibited times
and/or days set out in Schedule XIII.
C. Nothing in this Section shall be deemed to permit parking at any location where or at any
time when parking is otherwise prohibited.
D. No stopping certain times.
Where official signs to that effect are displayed, no person shall stop a vehicle on any
highway at the side and between the limits set out respectively in Schedule XIV in
§ 950-1313 during the prohibited times and/or days set out in Schedule XIV, provided
that this subsection shall not be deemed to prohibit a taxicab from stopping while actually
engaged in loading or unloading passengers on any highway, a limousine from stopping
while actually engaged in loading or unloading passengers on any highway, or to prohibit
a school bus from stopping while actively engaged in picking up or dropping off school
children in a designated school bus loading zone. [Amended 2012-07-13 by By-law
1021-2012]
D.1 No stopping during rush hour times. [Added 2012-02-07 by By-law 165-2012; amended
2012-07-13 by By-law 1021-2012; 2014-02-20 by By-law 141-2014]
Notwithstanding § 950-405D, where official signs prohibiting stopping are displayed, no
person shall stop a vehicle on any highway at the side and between the limits set out
respectively in Schedule XIV in § 950-1313 during the portion of the rush hour period set
out under Column four (Prohibited Times and/or Days) in Schedule XIV, where the hours
as set out under Column four (Prohibited Times and/or Days) in Schedule XIV begin, end
and are contained entirely within the time period of 6:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. and/or the
time […]
